README.md, before:

DTSD_Development
================

The next development cycle for DTSD .17

Goals:
Find bugs
Implement new features
Code review for readability, continuity, logic, and speed


Some ideas feel free to add:

Add ability to claim and name sectors with player owned bases.  Give residual income or some other perks.

Add sector events like random encounters, missions, and boss fights.  Perhaps look to replace the existing enemy AI altogther for now

Add a faction bank account

Add ability to gather statistics for the server such as players on, size of directory, memory usage, player info, etc 
  to be used for access by other web applications or as a status display for a screen.

Add a management panel option with the use of tmux to offer a display of the current log, chat, statistics/status of server
  and allow player to interact with the server with hotkeys
  
<<<<<<< HEAD
Add a mass export option to export all sectors with ships, stations, and planets for backup and restoration

=======
Add random ingame tips

Add an online log
>>>>>>> f85f49735f938d9c17046ad4b485488426793c5e


New commands/functions working on:
Added in vote to credits conversion
Added a method to update all playerfiles with any new data
Added random ingame messages every 10 minutes
Added an online log listing all online players
Updated login methods, to be more logical and less 'hacky'


Bug list goes here:
Shipbuy missing echo - Fixed

Commit message:

Updated goals for .18, take a look and .change/add to it

README.md, after:

DTSD_Development
================

The next development cycle for DTSD .18

Goals:
Create a queue system for functions in logging
Create new file system to store all entities into single files (ie A player file that contains all players)
Create a script/function that can be ran to change server.cfg, block files, daemon.cfg, etc for specific server configurations (ie Hardcore or Balanced Server mod)
Create a functional way to control/overwrite how a universe spawns
Create a scripting system for sectors that will allow for scripted events and commands to be executed when a player enters a new sector
Create a career system for players.  Different careers confer different abilities and they get.
better abilities as the career advances
Update Daemon functions to make use of the new file system

Some ideas feel free to add:

Add ability to turn off random ingame tips

Add ability to gather statistics for the server such as players on, size of directory, memory usage, player info, etc 
  to be used for access by other web applications or as a status display for a screen.

Add a web management panel

Add a mass export option to export all sectors with ships, stations, and planets for backup and restoration

Add a mission system and a career tally system (total pirate kills, total player kills, total ships created, etc) for careers so they can advance
